**CSS**
- position sticky
  1. It doesn’t stick when it doesn’t have sibling elements in the direct parent element. it can only float over sibling elements.
  2. sticky item’s container : “Sticky Container” which is the maximum area of the sticky item to float around. Sticky item can’t get out of this sticky container.
- matrix
  1. transform function data type.
  2. it represents 6 values: scaleX(), skewY(), skewX(), scaleY(), translateX(), translateY()
- parallax effect
  - ` background-attachment: fixed;` will make only the background sticky.
  - 

**JS**
- [More concise way to call anonymous function directly](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11915957/why-use-not-operator-on-anonymous-function-call-a-la-knockout-2-1-0): to add an operator(!, ~, +, -) in front of the function definition. Operation will be applied to the returned value.
  > Apple uses negation! (but it will negate the return value)
- `true` is like a positive number and `false` is 0. So we can compare sizes.
- return statement can have multiple assignments in it seperated by commas.  
  ex) `const testFunc = () => {return a = 3, b = 2, c = "string", a * b + c }` will return `6string`
- These are true : `null !== undefined`, `null == undefined`. Also, both of them + `NaN` is neither `true` nor `false`. But `Boolean()` them will return `false`

**ETC**
- Apple brings up their text with transform: matrix(1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 50); opacity: 0; and make it transform: matrix(1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0); opacity: 1; gradually while scrolling
- How Apple check if an element is in view
  1. get top distance(element.top - scrollY) and bottom distance(element.bottom - scrollY)
  2. `return topDistance > windowHeight || bottmDistance < 0 ? 0 : Math.min(bottomDistance, windowHeight) - Math.max(topDistance, 0)`
  3. and check if this returned value is bigger than 0. if it is, it's in view.
- How Apple check the scroll position
  -         r.pageMetrics.scrollY = window.scrollY || window.pageYOffset,
            r.pageMetrics.scrollX = window.scrollX || window.pageXOffset;
            for (let e = 0, t = this.scrollSystems.length; e < t; e++)
                this.scrollSystems[e].updateTimeline();
            this.trigger(r.PageEvents.ON_SCROLL, r.pageMetrics)
- Study of `(t = t || {}).name && (i.name = t.name),`
  - it was the first operand of multiple commas in return statement. I wondered what it does. And after searching a bit, I got to know the definition of `&&` operator.
    > Starting from left and moving to the right, **return the first operand that is falsy**.  
    > If no falsy operand was found, return the latest operand.
  - So the expression check if the `t` is `falsy` and if it is, assigns the empty object to it. And check if it has the field 'name' and if it does, assign that name to `i.name`. It it doens't, the expression will return the value `undefined` and `i.name = t.name` will never happen.
  - the definition of `||` operator
    > Starting from left and moving to the right, **return the first operand that is truthy.**  
    > If no truthy operand was found, return the latest operand.